Graphs
A Graph is defined as a set of vertices (or nodes) and edges (or links) 
G = (V, E)

Graphs can be directed or undirected.

Graphs can be strongly or weakly connected. 

vertices can be weighted or unweighted

REST
Stands for Representational State Transfer
coined by Roy T. Fielding
The Fielding constraints that a system must satisfy in order to be considered RESTful:
- Client Server
  - The first Fielding Constraint specifies that the network must be made up of clients and servers. A server is a computer that has resources of interest, and a client is a computer that wants to interact with the resources stored on the server. When you browse the Internet, your computer is acting as a client and sends HTTP requests to a server in order to access and manipulate information. A RESTful system has to operate in the client-server model, even if a component sometimes acts like a client and sometimes acts like a server.
  A non-RESTful alternative to client-server architecture is event-based integration architecture. 

- Stateless
  Stateless does not mean that servers and clients do not have state, it simply means that they do not need to keep track of each other’s state. When a client is not interacting with the server, the server has no idea of its existence. The server also does not keep a record of past requests. Each request is treated as a standalone.

- Uniform Interface
  The “uniform interface” constraint ensures that there is a common language between servers and clients that allows each part to be swapped out or modified without breaking the entire system. This is achieved through 4 sub-constraints: 
    - identification of resources:
        The first sub-constraint of “uniform interface” affects the way that resources are identified. In REST terminology, a resource could be anything – an HTML document, an image, information about a particular user, etc. Each resource must be uniquely identified by a stable identifier. A “stable” identifier means that it does not change across interactions, and it does not change even when the state of the resource changes. If a resource does get moved to another identifier, the server should give the client a response indicating that the request was bad, and give it a link to the new location of the resource.

    - manipulation of resources through representations:
        The second sub-constraint of “uniform interface” says that the client manipulates resources through sending representations to the server–usually a JSON object containing the content that it would like to add, delete, or modify. In REST, the server has full control of the resources, and is responsible for making any changes. When a client wishes to make changes to resources, it sends the server a representation of what it would like the resulting resource to look like. The server takes the request as a suggestion, but still has ultimate control.

    - self-descriptive messages:
        Self-descriptive messages are another constraint that ensures a uniform interface between clients and servers. A self-descriptive message is one that contains all the information that the recipient needs to understand it. There should not be additional information in a separate documentation or in another message.

    - hypermedia:
        The last interface constraint is the hypermedia constraint. Hypermedia is a fancy word for data sent from the server to the client that contains information about what the client can do next–in other words, what further requests it can make. In REST, servers should be sending only hypermedia to clients.

When a system has identifiers for each resource, manipulates them through sending representations from the client to the server, and has messages that are self-descriptive and composed of hypermedia, it is said to have a uniform interface. This is perhaps the most important attribute of a RESTful system, as it allows for clients to intelligently adapt to changes. A server can change the underlying implementation without breaking all the clients that interacted with it, because each interaction is self-contained, identifiers do not change when the underlying state or implementation changes, and hypermedia gives clients instructions for state transitions that it can do next. The server does not need to remember anything about the client or do anything special to cater to it, and vice versa.

Other Fielding constraints:
- Caching:
    Caching refers to the constraint that server responses should be labelled as either cacheable or non-cacheable. Caching occurs when the client stores previous responses it received from the server, so that when that data is needed again, it can save a round trip over the network by using the cached data. The ability to cache is made possible by the interface constraint of “self-descriptive messages”, since the client knows that all the relevant data about a single resource is being sent in one response. It doesn’t have to worry about accidentally only caching part of the information it needs, and missing other parts.

- Layered System:
    Layered system refers to the fact that there can be more components than just servers and clients. This means there can be more than one layer in the system. However, each component is constrained to only see and interact with the very next layer. A proxy is an additional component, and it relays HTTP requests to servers or other proxies. Proxies can be useful for load balancing and security checks. A proxy acts like a server to the initial client that sends the request, and then acts like a client when it relays that request. A gateway is another additional component and it translates an HTTP request into another protocol, propagates that request, and then translates the response it receives back into HTTP. A client can simply treat a gateway as a regular server. An example use case for gateways is a system that needs to download a file from an FTP server.

- Code on Demand:
    Code on demand is the only optional constraint and refers to the ability for a server to send executable code to the client. This is what happens in HTML’s <script> tag. When the HTML document is loaded, the browser automatically fetches the JavaScript from the server and executes it locally.


In summary, a RESTful system is any network that fulfills the Fielding Constraints. A RESTful system is meant to be flexible for different use cases, scalable to accommodate a large number of users and components, and adaptable over time. We explored how the World Wide Web is RESTful when it comes to interactions involving browsers and human users. Designing RESTful Web APIs for machine-to-machine interactions is a much more complex topic; see the resources listed below for more information. Remember that REST is a theoretical design, and the Web we have today still falls short in some cases.


