W2D1
Today's Learning Goals:
What is a base case in recursion? Why do we need one? Do we always need one?
What exactly is a Stack Overflow?
Describe direct and indirect recursion
What are the common HTTP methods? When are they used, and what do they accomplish? (This is a big one)
In which phase does hoisting occur?
What is the difference between function hoisting and variable hoisting?
What is a state tree in the context of Redux?
Why don't we want to modify (i.e. mutate) our redux state?
What is a pure function? Impure function?
Describe in detail what a redux reducer is. What makes it a pure function?
Study
Algorithms
Flashback to Week 1 Day 3 -- Recursion Day. See how far you've come? Now is time to gain an even deeper understanding of more advanced recursion concepts! You should plan to get through this reading over the next two days, in order for you to gain a thorough understanding of it.

Recursion
Web
You should be relatively familiar with HTTP methods (GET, PUT, POST, etc.) through your work with MVC frameworks. This article will unpack exactly what happens when each of these HTTP methods is used.

Read:

HTTP methods
JavaScript
Hoisting
For the link above, search "Hoisting" and only study that section today.
Misc
We'll be spending the next 8 days going over a video series created by Dan Abramov himself. The videos are all very short - only about 2 mins in length each. Since you should already know how to use Redux, the main goal here is to gain a deeper understand of how Redux works.

NB: For those who prefer to read, all of these videos have (very short) transcripts!

Redux - "Single Immutable State Tree" through "The Reducer Function"
Code
Network and Apply
Reach out to 2 people
Apply to 5 jobs